Autumn Rain Wife
Come on.
Qin Fengming, what are you doing here?
Well, of course, to marry my beautiful Thu Vu wife.
Right, Master Qin?
I'm Qin Feng Ming.
You're late.
The rain is about to enter the bride's room with me.
At dawn, I forgot that I had lost Thu Vu to you.
Master Qin, that was just a joke from my brother.
Why are you serious?
I'm kidding, I'm kidding Ms. Li.
Miss Lee, how about you be my little wife?
Yes.
Teaching, this piece of your home is a feng shui treasure.
Teach him a hundred million and sell him.
Animals of this land are like that.
I'll pay 200 million for this land.
I recently wanted to build a large milk tank.
Drink milk with this small bottle
It's too complicated.
Of course it is, that s good, haha, thank you, Master Qin.
This is Qin deficient, and the taste is very unique.
But I have a small request.